The HuC software development kit is based on material from several sources,
with the most important ones predating a general awareness of software
licensing issues: both the C compiler and assembler are derived from
code from the early 1980s.

The authors that built on these foundations and extended them greatly in the
late 1990s and early 2000s have also generally neglected to specify the
conditions under which their versions can be used and redistributed.  It is
therefore next to impossible to make an exact statement on the legal status
of much of this collection of software, with the following exceptions:

1. The MagicKit assembler's source code contains the statement: "This
   program is freeware.  You are free to distribute, use and modifiy it as
   you wish."
2. The test suite emulator TGEmu is licensed under the GNU Public License.
3. Most test cases have been adapted from the GNU Compiler Collection and
   are licensed under the GNU Public License.

The following license text ("Simplified BSD License") applies to any changes
and additions made by Ulrich Hecht:

Copyright (c) 2022, yasu-ken
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
